docs(fix): upated tutorials - Mta-1683 (#395)
scaleway/docs-content: tutorials/scaleway-slack-community/index.mdx

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-slack-on-the-scaleway-page.png" alt="" />

2. The registration page displays. Choose one of the proposed SSO methods or click **Continue with Email** to use your email address.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-slack-login.png" alt="" />

3. Fill out the fields **Full Name** and **Password** with the requested information.

>   You will be asked if you would like to receive e-mails with content from Slack. Check

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You will be asked if you would like to receive emails with content from Slack. Check
```

  **Sure** or **No, thanks** to chose. Then, click **Create Account** to resume
  your registration.

  <Lightbox src="scaleway-sign-up-to-scaleway-slack-workspace.png" alt="" />

> 4. An account validation e-mail will be sent to your address. Login to your e-mail account and check that you have received it. You should see the message as pictured below. Click **Join Now** to open the sign up page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. An account validation email will be sent to your address. Login to your email account and check that you have received it. You should see the message as pictured below. Click **Join Now** to open the sign up page.
```
